chore(website): Fine tune plugin description in core concept (#12119)
cloudquery/cloudquery: website/pages/docs/core-concepts/plugins.md

# Plugins

> CloudQuery has a pluggable architecture that communicates with plugins communicating over [gRPC](https://github.com/cloudquery/plugin-pb). Each plugin can implement to be a source, destination or both.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CloudQuery has a pluggable architecture, with plugins communicating over [gRPC](https://github.com/cloudquery/plugin-pb). Each plugin can be implemented to be a source, destination or both.
```
